feat(hooks): add useHierarchicalMenu (#3199)
algolia/react-instantsearch: packages/react-instantsearch-hooks/README.md

}
```

### `useHierarchicalMenu`

> `(props: UseHierarchicalMenuProps) => HierarchicalMenuRenderState`

> Hook to use a [refinement list](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/refinement-list/js/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hook to use a [hierarchical menu](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/hierarchical-menu/js/).
```
